what if I told you that you could learn
10 times faster sounds impossible right
but in this video I will teach you
exactly how CIA spies train to memorize
classified documents in minutes and
master languages in weeks under extreme
pressure use these secret steps and
studying will never feel like a struggle
again but be warned miss the final step
and you'll miss the secret trick CIA
spies count on when everything is on the
line tip one the five sense memory trick
ever smelled something and instantly
been reminded of a childhood memory
that's because your brain links
information to your senses and the CIA
turn this into a learning weapon here's
how to hack your memory chew a specific
flavor of gum while studying later chew
the same gum in an exam and your brain
will recall everything pair each subject
with a scent cinnamon for history
peppermint for math your brain will
associate them automatically use colors
or locations for example always study
Physics in the same chair or wear a
certain hoodie when reviewing flashcards
this makes information stick in way that
basic repetition never will tip two the
brain dump method spies don't just
memorize information they train their
brains to recall it instantly and here's
how you can do the same it's called the
brain dump method and it's dead simple
study a topic for 10 minutes then close
your book and write down everything you
remember no peing check what you missed
and repeat this method is more effective
than simply rereading your notes because
it forces your brain to actively recall
information it has been proven to double
memory retention additionally it helps
you identify the areas you haven't
mastered yet allowing you to focus on
your weak spots instead of spending time
on Concepts you already know try it once
and you'll never want to go back to
passive reading tip three the urgency
trick for instant Focus ever noticed how
you suddenly become hyperfocused when a
deadline is near that's because your
brain is wired to work best under
urgency and the CIA uses this to their
advantage here's how you can trick your
brain into extreme Focus set a timer for
30 minutes tell yourself you have to
study like it's a life or death Mission
take a five-minute break your brain will
stay sharp knowing a break is coming
repeat why does this work
short study sessions prevent burnout and
stop you from fake studying you know
staring at notes without actually
absorbing anything all right let's try
something close your eyes now try to
remember what you had for lunch three
days ago did you get it instantly or did
you hesitate if it wasn't immediate that
means your brain isn't storing
information efficiently and that's
exactly why the next tip is a
GameChanger tip four sleep learning now
you might be thinking sleep learning but
yes it actually works let me explain
your brain doesn't store information
while you study it locks it in while you
sleep this is why CIA agents use sleep
learning techniques to absorb languages
and essential details faster than normal
people here's how to do it first before
going to bed listen to an audio
recording of what you need to remember
this could be vocabulary formulas or key
facts all o play low frequency theta
waves of 4 Hertz in the background now
you might be thinking how on Earth is
this going to boost my memory but these
sound waves aren't random they're
specifically tuned to match your brain's
natural Theta State the same one you
enter during deep relaxation or light
sleep studies show that when your brain
is in this state it's more open to
taking in new information and forming
memories faster in simple terms it helps
your mind stay calm focused and ready to
absorb whatever you're learning without
feeling overwhelmed finally make sure to
avoid scrolling on your phone right
before sleeping the blue light from your
screen tricks your brain into thinking
it's still daytime suppressing melatonin
the hormone that helps you fall asleep
but here's the key deep sleep is when
your brain organizes and locks in
memories disrupt that process and your
memory formation will be disrupted as
well so ditch the phone let your brain
wind down naturally and give your memory
the chance to do its job the result you
wake up remembering way more without
even trying tip five The Memory Palace
turn your house into a cheat sheet your
house is a cheat code for your brain the
CIA trains spies to use memory palaces a
technique that allows them to recall
massive amounts of information instantly
here's how you can put this technique
into practice assign key facts to
specific in your house for example your
mirror can represent today's top three
study topics your fridge can hold a
crucial formula and your doorway can
remind you of a language phrase each
time you pass these spots your brain
naturally refreshes the information
reinforcing your memory without extra
effort spies use this trick to memorize
entire identities and Mission plans you
can use it to a your next test tip six
the physical action technique spy know
that learning doesn't just happen in
your mind your body plays a big role in
strengthening memory by pairing physical
movement with studying you can improve
the connection your brain makes with the
information you're learning here's how
to do it incorporate movement while
studying stand up walk around the room
or use hand gestures as you study every
time you move you're creating a physical
link to the information you're trying to
remember use strength training or a
short workout during your study breaks
this boosts blood circulation and
improves Focus allowing you to return to
your studies with a fresh mind read out
loud while moving your brain activates
both motor and auditory connections
increasing the chances of retaining
information spies use this technique to
process information quickly and
efficiently under extreme circumstances
even while Physically Active by
combining action with study you enhance
your memory and processing speed without
even realizing it and now the final tip
the learning chaos trick most people
think they need a perfectly quiet place
to study wrong spies trained to absorb
information under pressure Sirens
gunfire chaos because if you can focus
on learning and remembering things while
being distracted you can recall it
anywhere you can apply this technique
Yourself by studying with background
noise like Cafe sounds or Street noise
try setting an alarm to beep every seven
minutes each time goes off bring your
focus back to your work over time
gradually introduce more distractions at
first it might feel frustrating but soon
your brain will become immune to
distractions all right let's recap your
CIA secret learning tricks five sense
memory trick use gum sense and colors
for instant recall brain dump method
test yourself instead of passively
rereading urgency Focus hack use timers
for high-speed studying
sleep learning absorb knowledge while
you rest Memory Palace turn your house
into a mind map physical action
technique boost your memory by linking
movement with learning learn in chaos
train your brain to focus anywhere so
pick one of these hacks and try it right
now let me know in the comments which
one worked best for you and if you're
ready to start learning and memorizing
like a CIA spy hit that subscribe button